Docs 9546 edit pm config topics esb (#99)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-partner.adoc

> = Create, Configure, and Update Trading Partners

Reviewer: RESUME edit

Reviewer: I realize that I have been commenting on text other than what you have recently changed, so I am limiting my edit of the remainder of the 3 PRs requested to the GREEN shaded, changed/new text.

Author: Gotcha!

> The Partner Manager *Partners* page lists all the configured trading partner profiles.

Reviewer: Can one "list" profiles? 
I would think you might list profile types or names, but rather display or otherwise show whole profiles.

Author: Replaced "lists all the" with "displays".

> Before you create your first trading partner, you must configure your xref:setup-payload-storage.adoc[payload storage API].

Reviewer: This is a prerequisite to CREATE, belonging in that task subtopic as a Prerequisite item or mentioned in the transition between subtitle and subtask Step 1. I gets lost in the intro to all three tasks, create, configure, and update.

Author: Moved to Create a Partner section

. From within your Anypoint Partner Manager environment, select *Partners* from the left navigation.
. Click *New partner*.
. In *Name*, enter a name that easily identifies your partner.
. Select an identifier from the *Type* list:
* *AS2 Identity*
* *Reference ID*
* *X12-GS*
* *X12-ISA*
. In *Identifier Value*, enter a value to uniquely identify your partner.

> . If you selected *X12-ISA* as the *Type*, you must also select a *Qualifier* from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you selected *X12-ISA* for *Type*, you must also select a *Qualifier* value from the list.
```
OR
```suggestion
. If you selected *X12-ISA* as the type, you must also select a qualifier from the list.
```
Be careful to not treat labels as the noun objects themselves. The labels should not be preceded by an article unless they are also followed by a noun object: "the type," "the *Type* value," or "*Type," but not "the *Type*".
Make sense?

You can add and update the following information for each trading partner from the *Partners* tab in the left navigation:

> . In Partner Manager, select *Partners* in the left navigation menu.

Reviewer: Intro and step kind of redundant

Author: Removed into

> . Click the partner for whom to update the profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the partner whose profile you want to update.
```
oops...back to green....
